Alright, so moving along with our development process.
In this video, we'll cover step four
of enhancing the Product Details Component
to retrieve the product from the Product Service.
Alrighty, so when our IDE,
I'll actually move down here, to the Terminal.
I'll actually stop my application from running
and I'll close the Termial window,
just so I can have more real estate on the screen,
to actually write code.
And I'll open up the file, Product Details Components.ts.
Alrighty, so let's move into this file here,
Product Details Component.
And the first thing I want to do is,
define a property for our product.
And then, I'll inject dependencies
for the actual product service
and also for the activated route.
And then also, just scroll up top,
just to make sure we have the correct imports.
Alright, that looks good.
Alrighty, so in my ngOnInit method,
I simply want to do a subscribe on the params
and then make a call to a method, Handle Product Details.
And this, Product Details method's not created,
so I'll actually have the IDE declare this method for us.
Okay, so in this method,
I actually want to get the ID parameter string
and convert it to a number.
Sorry, that parameter, by simply saying, paramMap.get id.
And now that I have the ID,
I can simply use the product service
and I can call, getProduct.
Pass in the product ID, do a subscribe
and assign the results of this call
to my product property that I have to find in this class.
So that will be, this.products = data.
And hmm, there's an error.
Hmm, interesting.
What's going on?
Product, product.
That looks good up top.
Down here, it's an error, product array.
Oh!
Typo, typo.
Alright, this really should be, getProduct,
not, Productlist.
There we go, getProduct.
And that's going to be a new method that's not created yet.
We'll create it in a second.
We'll actually create it in the next video.
So, we need to make a modification there.
So, productService.getProduct.
And that'll take care of that one error that we had
with our assignment, but we still need to create that method
and I'll take care of that in the next video.
So I'll see you there.